# Findure Way

Every year, approximately 170,000 students graduate from high school in Ontario. While the task of graduating from high school itself requires a large amount of time and dedication, one of the most stressful parts of the high school experience is creating a plan of what to do next. In today’s western society, many believe that it is imperative to attend a post-secondary educational institution, whether it is college, university or an apprenticeship placement. This can be understood by the fact that on average a bachelor’s degree results in a 70% increase in income over a high school diploma. However, this idea that everyone must obtain a higher education creates a stressful and highly competitive situation for students. Of the students surveyed, 90% of them found the task of post-secondary planning overwhelming. 

Findure Way is an app aimed at high school student to allow them to create an well-developed and organized path to success. It analyzes the personal information inputted by users and guides them in the right direction by matching it with post-secondary education information from our databases. It searches through the overwhelming abundance of information pertaining to post-secondary education, and gives the user only what they need. Too many information services provide users with huge amounts of information because they do not want to miss anything. However, this can be extremely overwhelming for students as there are simply too many options. Our app focuses on simplicity and clarity, and allows students to rest assured that the app will tell them everything that they need to know.
